Faster processing (#74)
lynxthecat/adblock-lean: README.md

If you like adblock-lean and can benefit from it, then please leave a ⭐ (top right) and become a [stargazer](https://github.com/lynxthecat/adblock-lean/stargazers)! And feel free to post any feedback on the official OpenWrt thread [here](https://forum.openwrt.org/t/adblock-lean-set-up-adblock-using-dnsmasq-blocklist/157076). Thank you for your support.

adblock-lean is **highly optimized for RAM & CPU efficiency** during blocklist download & processing, and does not remain running in memory after execution.  adblock-lean is designed to leverage the [major rewrite of the DNS server and domain handling code](https://thekelleys.org.uk/dnsmasq/CHANGELOG) associated with dnsmasq 2.86, which drastically improves dnsmasq performance and reduces memory footprint. This facilitates the use of very large blocklists even for low spec, low performance devices.

> **FRIENDLY USER NOTICE:**  Current versions 19th September 2024 onwards switch to using raw formatted blocklists by default (default lists are still Hagezi).  Dnsmasq formatted lists are still supported.  Raw lists have the benefit of smaller file size dowload, improvements in processing speed and reduced ram usage.  On the first run after updating, adblock-lean will prompt you (y/n) to automatically change URLs for Hagezi & OISD lists from dnsmasq format to raw format.  For other lists, you can choose to find a raw formatted list or continue using dnsmasq formatted lists.  You can always use ```service adblock-lean gen_config``` to generate a fresh configuration file if required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**USER NOTICE:**  Current versions from September 19, 2024 and onwards switch to using raw formatted blocklists by default (the default lists are still Hagezi).  Dnsmasq formatted lists are still supported.  Raw lists have the benefit of smaller file size dowload, improvements in processing speed and reduced ram usage.  On the first run after updating, adblock-lean will prompt you (y/n) to automatically change URLs for Hagezi & OISD lists from dnsmasq format to raw format.  For other lists, you can choose to find a raw formatted list or continue using dnsmasq formatted lists.  You can always use ```service adblock-lean gen_config``` to generate a fresh configuration file if required.
```
